hey girls it's Jamie
so I was just looking at some old family
photos look at me here oh so young you
know how they say a picture is worth a
thousand words well I think a picture
shouldn't be such a mouthful seriously
sometimes a picture should say exactly
what you want it to say so today I'm
going to show you how with something I
like to call inverse tensile spray art
let's do it girl
to make your spray art you're going to
need three things a canvas and use of
letters and paint you're going to want a
large colorful canvas make sure it's one
that you don't really care about because
you're going to be painting all over it
I got this one at a thrift store for
$5.00
the adhesive letters I got at an art
store for $10 a pack if you're looking
for something a little cheaper I'd
recommend printing out letters on label
paper now ask for paint I think this
project works best with spray paint I
got this at the same art store for $8
now you have to be at least eighteen to
purchase spray paint so if that's not a
possibility
no problems just grab some paint brushes
and some acrylic paint instead all right
you got everything let's wrap it her
step one think of an awesome quote
that's ten words or less position your
adhesive letters on your canvas spelling
out your words feel free to arrange your
letters any which way you like I'm
keeping my design pretty basic but I
bought both 4-inch and 6-inch letters to
make the more important words stand out
step 3
stick your letters to your canvas you
can eyeball it or if you want a cleaner
look use a ruler to line up your letters
paintings time put on a bandana or
something to cover your mouth to protect
yourself from the fumes you can wear
rubber gloves and old clothes too or
just be mindful while painting shake
your can upside down until you hear a
clinking sound from the inside with the
can positioned about six to eight inches
away from your canvas paint a thin even
coat keep adding extra coats until the
canvas is 100% covered in paint
step 5 let everything dry completely if
you're storing it outdoors keep it away
from where bugs or leaves can land on it
if you're keeping it indoors keep it
near an open window since the fumes are
pretty smelling the final step is to
peel off your letters here's the reason
I recommended spray paint your letters
should have nice crisp lines if you use
acrylic paint the paint might bleed
underneath the letters and the edges
could look blurry and there's my quote
rain don't change the Sun it's a lyric
song from one of my favorite bands Delta
ray for me
means that no matter what rain you might
encounter you know the problems in your
life or the pressure you're placed under
or how unfair life can be you the Sun
still can shine just as bright and just
as strong Oh such a good quote you can
lean your canvas on your dresser or use
an easy grip hook to hang your picture
wherever you like and now it's your turn
paint something inspirational and tell
me all about it in the comments below
or you can make a video response so I
can actually see what you've made
we now have an attention-grabbing way to
inspire your day we did it girl I'm
Jamie and you're I'm girl calm don't
forget to subscribe to our Channel and
there's my quote never ever ever give up
oh shoot that's not the right one
building a bank robber yeah
huh